docs: add code examples about user metadata (#58)
pubnub/react-chat-components: lib/docs/stories/code-examples/user-metadata.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";

<Meta title="Code Examples/User metadata" />

# User metadata

PubNub Chat Components for React require you to explicitly pass information about the users of your
app to correctly display their names and avatars. Otherwise, messages will show sender IDs and

> avatar placeholders. The metadata can be provided from numerous different sources, including your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
avatar placeholders. You can provide metadata from numerous different sources, including your
```

own database or PubNub Objects storage. You can also attach information about the sender directly to
each message.

<br />

## Pass in metadata of all users

> This example assumes user information was previously stored into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example assumes user information was previously stored in
```

> [PubNub Objects](https://www.pubnub.com/docs/metadata/users-metadata). In that case you can easily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PubNub Objects](https://www.pubnub.com/docs/metadata/users-metadata). In that case, you can easily
```

fetch it using

> [useUsers](https://pubnub.github.io/react-chat-components/docs/?path=/docs/custom-hooks-useusers--page)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [useUsers](https://pubnub.github.io/react-chat-components/docs/?path=/docs/custom-hooks-useusers--page)
```

> custom hook and pass all of it directly to the components using `users` option in the `Chat`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
custom hook and pass all of it directly to the components using the `users` option in the `Chat`
```

provider:

```jsx
import PubNub from "pubnub";
import { PubNubProvider } from "pubnub-react";
import { Chat, MessageList, MessageInput, useUsers } from "@pubnub/react-chat-components";

const pubnub = new PubNub({
  publishKey: "demo",
  subscribeKey: "demo",
  uuid: "test-user",
});

export default function PubNubChat() {
  return (
    <PubNubProvider client={pubnub}>
      <ChatConversation />
    </PubNubProvider>
  );
}

export function ChatConversation() {
  const [users] = useUsers();

  return (
    <Chat currentChannel="test-channel" users={users}>
      <MessageList />
      <MessageInput />
    </Chat>
  );
}
```

## Attach sender data to messages

> Alternatively, you can provide the info on just your current user and attach id directly to each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can just provide the information on your current user and attach its ID directly to each
```

> message using `senderInfo` option in the `MessageInput`. In this case you can still use PubNub to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
message using the `senderInfo` option in the `MessageInput`. In this case, you can still use PubNub to
```

> store this information, but let's see how would that work with dynamically created data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
store this information, but that's how it would work with dynamically created data:
```
